Make sure everything on the website is mobile responsiveOn facility solutions landing pages (for each facility), change the following:For the orange buttons at the top of each facility solutions landing page change all orange button text to Scroll down for details Ensure the text on the black hero button ("request a pilot conversation") always fits on one lineWhen user clicks/taps the "request a pilot conversation" button, open the users email client and send email to hello@paintlabpro.comFor each orange button below the fold, any click/tap should automatically route to the command your outcome section on the homepage For the 4 new calculators (self storage, hospitality, hoa, senior care), you didn’t use the same calculations and field inputs such as paintable surface sq ftFacility solution orange buttons and request pilot conversation - change CTA direction/where it directs to (email me, contact form)PSSF change from 3.5x to 3xOn each calculator page, calculate and visualize the surface square footage number for both full repaint amount and touch-up amount using the existing touch-up ratios for each facility type. For example, if a full repaint is 1000 sq ft and the touch-up PSSF/wall is 25% of the full repaint amount, show 250 wall sq ft The request a quote text on footer and the "Get a Quote" button in the top navigation needs to direct to the "command your outcome" section on the homepage.In the 'command your outcome section' add the following property types: self storage, hoa/community assoc, hospitality - change retail, hotels & restaurants to just RetailOn the homepage "the subscription tile" change the sub-header text to: "Automated maintenance for Multi-Family, Office/Corp, Retail, Hospitality, Industrial, Medical, Self-Storage, Senior Care, Education & Automotive assets. One flat monthly fee."On the homepage hero, create a third button named Facility Solutions that points to the facility solutions landing page. Make the Facility solutions button and explore solutions button the same dark color and have a thin orange border around them. Make the "get a quote" button in the top nav 25% smaller and make sure the text fitsChange all existing surface coverage calculations from 3.5x to 3xOn all calculators, change the sub-header from 'Build a preliminary subscription estimate for your property' to 'Build a preliminary maintenance plan estimate'On all calculators, remove the micro-text 'Need a one-time project instead? We'll scope it onsite'Add Contact to the top and footer navigation and direct tap/click to the command your outcome section.On the facility solutions page, in the lower right hand vacant tile box, add a small PaintLab log with a contact us button that clicks to opening an email to be sent to hello@paintlabpro.comOn the facility solutions page, remove the orange text 'select your sector'On the facility solutions page, if user taps/clicks the "start with a pilot property' orange button at the bottom, direct user to Choose your facility type section on that same screenOn the command your outcome section, change the orange button from "send quote request' to 'send'On homepage micro-text, make it fit on 2 lines and change text to 'Stop bidding. Start subscribing. Austin's 1st fixed-cost painting utility for commercial assets. Flexible maintenance plan care or expert execution. Always reliable. Zero hassle.'