On all facility calculator pages, change the hero text "Configure Your Plan" to the facility type and Repaint Plan (ie Multifamily Residential Repaint Plan, Medical/Healthcare Repaint Plan, Office/Corporate Repaint Plan), with a subheader "Build a preliminary subscription estimate for your property" and microtext near it that says, "Need a one-time project instead? We’ll scope it onsite."  Next to the hero text in a small orange box, have text inside a box that says, "Takes ~60 seconds" Also, on all facility calculators, remove the sub-header text 'facility: type of facility" On all calculator pages, Under Select Your Tier, change "4-tier multi-family autopilot plan" and "3-tier commercial maintenance plan" to "Select Your Preliminary Repaint Plan" with a subheader "Based on your inputs, here’s a recommended starting structure for your property." remove the one-time onboarding fee language and remove the include 6-month minimum subscription required text.Under get your proposal, change "Fill this form to get your proposal" to "Schedule Your Property Walkthrough.Remove the existing sub-header text and replace it with "Need a one-time project instead? Request an onsite scope."On the multifamily calculator page, for step 2, only show the orange optional button inside the thin rectangle orange outline removing the other language and drop down function. make sure the thin orange outlined only covers the space of the orange optional button and doesn't extend to the right. Include that same optional button with orange outline to the right of step 3AT THE END (conversion moment) After they finish or see results:Need a one-time project instead? Request an onsite walkthrough here or email us (link 'here' to the contact area and link 'email us' to auto open email client to hello@paintlabpro.com). For all calculators, when touch-up is selected, calculate and visualize the touch-up “wall square feet” amount. For example, if full repaint for the area selected is 1000 wall sq ft, if the user selects touch-up, calculate the pre-determined % of touch-up per facility calculator and visualize that as the amount of wall sq ft. (using that 1000 sq ft example, if the touch-up coverage % is 20, then factor that into the wall sq ft amount—— as a reminder, the FINAL FACILITY TOUCH-UP CONFIGURATION + PRICING ENGINE rules are below. This was shared with you last week.   